Thanks for the walk-through,
that is a pretty cool car.
>> You're welcome.
We're proud of Chewbacca, but
hardware is changing all the time.
Finding the best sensor solution
is an open and ongoing problem.
We'll be updating Chewbacca
as hardware improves.
Sensor fusion is only as
useful as the hardware itself.
More data means less uncertainty
in the position of nearby objects.
As hardware gets cheaper,
we'll improve our ability to
model the world with more data.
>> Coming up next, you'll build
common filters with Sebastian.
If you've taken Sebastian's AI for
Robotics class recently, feel free
to skip ahead to the C++ checkpoint.
Otherwise, have fun.